The Stanmore
Small in size, but not subtle in sound, the Stanmore is a compact active stereo speaker that yields clean and precise sound even at high levels. Stanmore’s classic design is a throwback to the golden days of rock’n’roll, and its analogue interaction knobs give you custom control of your music. With a vintage-looking front fret, brass details, and iconic script logo, the Stanmore is right at home with the rest of your Marshall collection. Hook it up wirelessly via Bluetooth, use the RCA input to plug in your record player, or simply connect the coil cord that’s included to your phone using the 3.5mm auxiliary input. The Stanmore is also compatible with devices with optical output, like Apple TV.

Classic Marshall, Modern ListeningThe Stanmore is a loudspeaker created for today’s world. With multiple connection sources, there are loads of ways to connect to your speaker, whether via your phone, vinyl player, tv or wirelessly via the latest version of Bluetooth®, featuring APTX technology.With multiple music source options, you can connect to the stanmore wirelessly via Bluetooth with APTX technology or through one of three audio inputs: 3.5mm input, rca input, or the optical audio input.

The Stanmore comes with two standby modes, powersaver and standard, to minimize your speaker’s environmental impact when not actively in use.


All About The SoundStanmore may be a compact stereo speaker, but its sound is nothing short of large. Built with advanced components that deliver an accurate response throughout the frequency range, the stanmore packs a punch without compromising the details.The sound is rich and articulate across the entire spectrum, from the deep and powerful bass, throughout the midrange and on to the highest highs. The overall effect is brilliantly reproduced music, full of energy and drive. Adjustable bass and treble dials provide you with custom control, so your music always sounds just how you like it.


Technical InformationMains Input Voltage 100-240v~ /200wNominal Rating 100-240v~Absolute Min/max 90-264v~Mains Frequency 50-60hzMax Peak Power Consumption 200w/td>ConnectivityBluetooth, Standard V4.0 + Edr APTX CodecInput 1 - 3.5mm 1xIinput 2 – RCA 1xOptical Input 1xDigital Class D AmplifierCustom Made 40mm Dynamic Driver¾” Dome Tweeters	2xSensitivity 100mv@1khz=99db Spl5 ¼” Woofer 1xBass And Treble Tone ControlsFrequency Response 45- 22.000hz +-3dbCrossover Frequency 2500hzTwo Standby Modes Powersaver Mode (0,43w) And Standard Mode (8,7w)Max Power Output 80w RmsWeight 5.10kgSize 350 X 185 X 185mm


One Year Limited Warranty
$400.00 USD
